! envo definition changes
!
! Files used:
! file 1 (old): date unknown, cvs revision unknown
! file 2 (new): date unknown, cvs revision unknown

!
! Format of first line of each entry:
! Term ID : term name  ( total # annots / # direct annots)


ENVO:00000090 : coastal plain   
OLD: An area of flat, low-lying land adjacent to a seacoast and separated from the interior by other features.
NEW: An area of flat, low-lying land adjacent to a coast and separated from the interior by other features.


ENVO:00000258 : alluvial plain   
OLD: Arelatively flat and gently sloping landform found at the base of a range of hills or mountains, formed by the deposition of alluvial soil over a long period of time by one or more streams coming from the mountains.
NEW: A relatively flat and gently sloping landform found at the base of a range of hills or mountains, formed by the deposition of alluvial soil over a long period of time by one or more streams coming from the mountains.


ENVO:00000372 : pyroclastic shield volcano   
OLD: A shield volcano that isformed mostly of pyroclastic and highly explosive eruptions rather than relatively fluid basaltic lava issuing from vents or fissures on the surface of the volcano. They typically display low-angle flank slopes and have little or no central collapse, although a shallow sag in the shield is commonly observed. Lava is commonly extruded after the cessation of explosive activity commonly superposes the vent region.
NEW: A shield volcano that is formed mostly of pyroclastic and highly explosive eruptions rather than relatively fluid basaltic lava issuing from vents or fissures on the surface of the volcano. They typically display low-angle flank slopes and have little or no central collapse, although a shallow sag in the shield is commonly observed. Lava is commonly extruded after the cessation of explosive activity commonly superposes the vent region.


ENVO:00001998 : soil   
OLD: Any material within 2 m from the Earth's surface that is in contact with the atmosphere, with the exclusion of living organisms, areas with continuous ice not covered by other material, and water bodies deeper than 2 m.
NEW: Soil is an environmental material which is primarily composed of minerals, varying proportions of sand, silt, and clay, organic material such as humus, gases, liquids, and a broad range of resident micro- and macroorganisms.


ENVO:01000231 : lava   
OLD: Lava is an environmental material which is primarily composed of molten rock.
NEW: Lava is magma which has extruded beyond a planetary crust.


ENVO:02500002 : flooding   
OLD: an overflow of water that submerges land which is usually dry.
NEW: A general and temporary condition of partial or complete inundation of normally dry land areas from the overflow of inland and/or tidal waters, and/or the unusual and rapid accumulation or runoff of surface waters from any source. A great flow along a watercourse or a flow causing inundation of lands not normally covered by water.


ENVO:02500038 : soil pollution   
OLD: A pollution process that alters the soil environment
NEW: A pollution process during which soil is contaminated.



